#summary Current State of the Project

= In date order, newest first =


*2014.05.14* <br><br> New now have an open source module case alternative thanks to Paul. See here DiyModuleCase !

*2014.04.09* <br><br> PCBs are available !

*2014.02.16* <br><br> PCB's got caught up in the whole Hong Kong LiPo postage problem, but they are here and tested now. People that asked for one have been informed, and they are ready to send out.

*2013.12.05*<br><br> Not looking good, checked the tracking number for the Mk2 PCB parcel and it says "The item is being returned to sender through the acceptance office". I have contacted the PCB fab and asked them to check it out.

*2013.11.30*<br><br> Second batch of PCBs have been dispatched today.

*2013.11.12*<br><br>
Second batch of PCB's ordered !! I know I'm slow.

*2013.07.13*
 * The code works
 * Schematic is up to date. 
 * First batch of PCB's has arrived but is scrap due to my mistake. Design files have been corrected for this mistake.
 * Currently testing the first batch of PCBs for any more mistakes, once this is done it's time to order the second batch.
 * Perl script is working very well at condensing A7105 data into something human readable.


*2013.03.14* 

The code is beta (as I have test flown it), the rest is alpha, PERL script included. 
It currently has been test flown with both a [http://www.jperkinsdistribution.co.uk/detail.php?JPNO=6600034&activepage=1&Navmain=Helicopters&subcatname=RTF/RC%20ready%20-%20Twister%20helis JP twister quad] and a Hubsan X4, both seem to work OK.