#summary FAQ

<b>Q: What's this all about then ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> It's a transmitter module to allow you to fly some of the cheap RTF 
aircraft (that will usually only work with the transmitter they are supplied 
with) on any transmitter that will take a JR module.<br>

<b>Q: Does it use Arduino ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> No. For early development I use an ATMega that happened to be on an Arduino board, but no Arduino code was or is used. No bootloader, no anything. <br>

<b>Q: What models does it work with ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> Personally tested with Hubsan X4, JP Twister Quad.<br>
<b>A: </b>Others tell me it works with WLToys v929, WLToys V939, Syma X1, and 
HCW553 <br>

<b>Q: I can fly some of the models you mention with a stock FlySky module, so 
why do I need this module ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>Some of the more advanced features these models have, such as the flip 
button, turning cameras on and off, and turning LEDs on and off won't work with 
the stock FlySky module. Also it won't fly Hubsan X4's.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Can it support xxx model ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> If it uses the A7105 chipset then with some software work, yes. 
However if it's a new protocol and therefore the protocol requires decoding then 
either you are going to have to do it yourself and code it yourself or buy me 
one of the models to examine. ** SEE NOTE BELOW<br>
<br>
<b>Q: So how long to decode a protocol if I buy you a model ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>You might be quicker to do it yourself.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: But I don't know any programming or electronics.</b><br>
<b>A: </b>Probably still quicker to do it yourself :)<br>
<br>
<b>Q: What about supporting other chipsets ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> I personally have no need for other chipsets at the minute so right 
now it's low priority. <b>** SEE NOTE BELOW</b><br>
<br>
<b>** NOTE</b><br>
If however the protocol and chipset code already exists in deviation firmware
<a href="https://bitbucket.org/PhracturedBlue/deviation/overview">
https://bitbucket.org/PhracturedBlue/deviation/overview</a> it is much easier to 
port over, but to test it I would still need a sample of the model in question. 
The code can be ported without testing but runs a high risk of being useless, to 
the point where it is not worth spending time on it in the first place.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Where is the schematic and BOM</b><br>
<b>A:</b> It's in the SVN repository, see wiki page DevelopmentSoftware for the 
software to download it and view it. <br>
<br>
<b>Q: How would one use the DEBUG1/DEBUG2 pins ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>They currently just toggle to show various timing within the software, 
for use on an oscilloscope.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Why in the schematics the RX/PD0 pin is tied to ICP1/PB0 ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>To allow a more advanced serial protocol to talk to the module. Note 
the schematics are in a state of flux right now, and this feature might never 
get implemented in software.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: When will PCBs be available.</b><br>
<b>A:</b> I have had the first batch of PCB's but due to my error they are 
scrap. Once I am convinced there are no more errors on the PCB I will order a 
second batch. Maybe another week. The last lot took about 3 weeks to arrive from 
ordering. So that gives 4 weeks total, ish.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: How much for a PCB ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>Not sure yet, not much, around 5-6 GBP each I imagine.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: How much for postage ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>I'll have to check weights and get back to you. I will keep it simple 
and offer one cost regardless of location. Can't imagine much more than 3-4 GBP<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Can I get one ready soldered ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> No, sorry.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Can I get a kit ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>No, sorry.