#summary Details about what's for sale

*NOTE: Everyone on openrcforums your PCB reservation as already logged as per the [http://openrcforums.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=2672&p=59690#p59690 role call]*

I am only selling PCBs. You will have to source the parts and assemble it yourself. PCB's will be double sided and professionally made. The rest of this wiki contains details to get you on the right track with this.

<b>Q: When will PCBs be available ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> *Now.* Once everyone I agreed to send one out to on the [http://openrcforums.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=2672&p=59690#p59690 openrcforums] site has been satisfied I will add a Paypal button here. <br>
<br>
<b>Q: How much for a PCB ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>4.00GBP each.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: How much for postage ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>All prices are for up to 8 boards per parcel:<br>
 * *UK:* Royal mail 1st class post: 1.80GBP
 * *UK:* Royal mail 1st class signed for: 2.90GBP
 * *International:* Royal mail airmail small packet 4.20GBP
 * *International:* Royal mail airmail signed for small packet: 9.50GBP 
The "signed for" services are probably best if you live in an area that has problems with post disappearing.<br>
To keep things simple I have averaged the international costs for various countries in to one price.<br>
Other than adding 1.00GBP for a jiffy bag these are the actual postage prices I will be paying.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Can I get one ready soldered ?</b><br>
<b>A:</b> No, sorry.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Can I get a kit ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b>No, sorry.<br>
<br>
<b>Q: Where are the Gerber file ?</b><br>
<b>A: </b><a href="http://rc-ppm-2-spi.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/pcb/production/2013.11.09_ppm2spi_001.zip">Here</a>